>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Randy Cramer.
Randy shares with
us his experience
in a secret space program
called Earth Defense Force.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks for having me.
Always happy to be here.
>> You talk about your
connection with ancient
civilizations and the
Agarthan spaceports.
What are the
Agarthan spaceports?
>> Sure.
The Agarthan network is
the subterranean network
of pockets of large
spaces and what we
consider to be the honeycomb.
In the past, people
have referred
to this as the hollow Earth.
It's not hollow.
It's honeycombed.
There are some
very large pockets,
so large that if you
were standing inside one
of these pockets, you wouldn't
be able to see to the far end
to your right or to the
far end to your left.
And so you might
mistakenly think,
oh, I'm in the inside of the
hollow planet, but you're not.
You're just in a
very large pocket.
The pockets are connected
by a series of tunnels.
Some of these tunnels are
very large, as big as a mile
wide, in order for very
large ships to move through.
They connect pockets together,
connect to the surface.
And in many cases, the
connectors to the surface
are old tunnels
that connect to many
of the old ancient civilization
sites around the world
that we're familiar with
like Egypt and Teotihuacan,
and Angkor Wat and
such places like that
that still have the tunnel
systems, are still connected.
And in some cases,
these are still
active import-export spaceports
for the species that still
live in the Agarthan network.
>> Who these Agarthan beings?
Where are they from?
>> Well, we have a
few different species.
We have a native terrestrial
reptoid species that we often
refer to as the raptor species.
They live down there.
We have a indigenous native
insectoid species, which
we think of as ant people.
They live down there.
We also have species--
some who are not
from here, but live
and work there, but also the
ancient Lemurians, Atlanteans.
When some of them
went underground,
that's where some of
the beginning of some
of Agarthan cities that we
think of is run by the Nordics--
these tall, blondy,
blue-eyed folks
who were originally
Lemurian Atlanteans,
but went underground.
So it's a mixture of native
terrestrial species, mammalian,
insectoid, reptoids, as well as
other extraterrestrial species
who have either
been stationed here,
or in some cases have
moved here to work here
in some of those cities
for the same reasons
that people travel to
other countries for jobs
there as well, because they
want to go to another place
and do a job there instead of
staying home where it's boring.
So it's a number
of species, most
who are native
terrestrial-born species,
and a few
extraterrestrial species.
>> Are there any buildings
or domiciles there?
Or do they just
live in the ships?
>> Oh, no.
There are cities that
are massive where
the populations can be in
the millions of personnel.
And they have, in some
cases, high-rise structures
that are more built into
the rock of the planet.
So you might see a very
tall stalagmite that kind of
connects the floor
to the ceiling that's
peppered with small apartments,
or buildings with windows,
and so forth.
And them they'll light up.
It's pretty interesting to see.
But some of them are
very largely populated
and have a lot of very advanced
modern building structure
that is blended into
this cavernous structure.
>> What about this city
under Egypt and the one under
Antarctica?
Are these also these
Agarthan sites?
>> Correct.
Yes.
There was a major space
port right at the edge
and underneath Antarctica.
My understanding-- there's
still a spaceport there, but not
a very functional one.
But the one that
they've been uncovering
through archaeological
digs in Antarctica
is probably one of the
oldest known spaceports
on planet Earth.
>> What do you mean
when you say spaceport?
>> Well, an airport is a place
where airplanes fly in and out
of on some regular,
scheduled, regulated place.
A spaceport is a place where
spaceships come in and out
and are trafficked
on a regular basis.
So a spaceport is where
spaceships come in and out.
>> So do they have these
space towers to guide in the--
>> Well, they don't need
towers, but they do have traffic
control.
So if you were coming
in for a landing,
you would have to communicate
with traffic control.
And they would tell you
what path to take to land.
Or if you were leaving,
they would tell you
what path they would
request that you leave.
So it's organized,
controlled traffic.
Yeah.
>> So why is it, Randy,
that these craft are coming
in and out of these spaceports,
yet they're not interfering
with our air traffic?
>> It's import-export,
people coming and going,
goods and so forth
arriving and leaving.
So it's essentially-- they're
a port in the same way
that we have other ports
that stuff comes in and out.
But a lot of that really has
to do with the traffic lanes.
So I live in Sedona where
there is a spaceport.
And I have friends who have
good military-grade night
vision goggles.
When we stand outside
and look at the traffic
lanes with the night
vision, you can
see them going in
the east-west traffic
lanes and the
north-south traffic lanes
faster than one a
minute some nights.
I've stood there with
my neck staring up
seeing more than
one ship a minute
until my neck was so sore
that I had to stop looking.
So there could have been a
whole bunch more after that.
But I was like, oh, my neck's
sore, I can't keep looking.
And what we noticed
in the traffic
lanes is that the ships
have to go up really,
really high from the port before
they go into the traffic lane.
Or they have to come in really
high into the traffic lane
and then come straight down.
It's rare-- although
I have seen it--
where they come in low,
and fast, and at an angle
like an airplane would.
Usually, it's because of a more
urgent need, or an emergency.
But most of the time,
the traffic lanes
are simply at a
very high altitude.
So they have to come in very
high, and then straight down,
and then straight
back up, and then back
into the very, very
high traffic lanes that
are well over 30,000,
40,000 feet probably.
In the same way that
we have airports
that pick traffic lanes so
that planes don't crash,
they've picked a
set of traffic lanes
that are outside the
normal FAA traffic lanes
so that they don't
interact with aircraft.
>> I have seen some footage that
maybe you could validate for me
of regular passenger jets
flying over these areas,
and stopping in mid-air,
and lowering right down
into the ground.
>> Yeah.
>> Is this some sort
of cloaking device?
>> Yes.
I've seen this
several times myself.
Again, in Sedona, there's a spot
that I go to on a regular bike
ride that's up a hill.
And twice in the same week,
I saw the exact same thing
happen, which was what looked
like a commercial aircraft
coming across the sky.
But as I was looking at it,
my trained observer eyes--
I was like, that color seems
a little too bright white.
I'm not seeing the
flashing FAA light.
I'm not seeing a contrail.
I'm not seeing any
evidence of jet propulsion
in a clear, blue,
cloudless sky, and then
watched the plane vanish into
thin air, just disappear.
And I saw this twice
in the same week.
I've seen this three times.
But I saw it twice
in the same week.
And it was following the
same exact traffic pattern.
It looked like the exact same
type of commercial airline.
So yeah, that's a ship
using a cloaking device
saying, I'm just an aircraft
here, nothing to see here.
But again, it's someone
using a hologram
of what they think an
aircraft should look like
and how it should behave.
So the minute that I
saw it the first time,
I was like, wait, that
doesn't look quite right.
So it's some form of a
cloaking, camouflage device--
that's not used all the
time, obviously, because
I've seen at high altitudes
just these little balls of light
close down near the ground
within a couple hundred
feed off the ground, less than
five miles from my house as I'm
standing either in the front
driveway or in my backyard,
seeing these bright,
bright, bright white,
shiny, egg-shaped vehicles
hovering or zooming in fast.
So depending on
exactly where they are
depends on what you've see
and what it looks like.
Right.
The angle, I think, has a lot
to do with it, and whatever
they're projecting.
Doing contact work in Blanca
Peak over in Crestone,
we've seen helicopters
and small jets
fly right into the
mountain and disappear.
Also in Shasta-- it happens
all the time when we're there.
>> Well, and some of the
entrances are essentially
holograms that look like
solid rock, but it's not.
So if you know the path
to fly straight in,
you can just fly
straight through
and look like you're going
right into solid rock.
But you're not, because
it's just a hologram.
>> No explosion.
Right.
>> No, just disappear.
>> So they're just flying around
amongst us in our own vehicles.
>> Or at least what look
like our own vehicles.
>> Look kind of-- their
rendition of our own vehicles.
>> Yeah.
Again, it's what an alien thinks
a helicopter or an airplane
looks like and
should behave like.
>> Well, aside from
contact with the Agarthans,
what about the
Earth Defense Force?
Are they within the
Is that part of the same team?
Who else is in
contact with them?
>> Well, we certainly have
a positive relationship with
the Agarthans.
So this is something
that, if we needed
to use one of these spaceports
for an emergency landing
or we were having a
meeting somewhere,
we would use these spaceports
like anyone else uses them.
We would go through
the traffic lanes,
and go through traffic
control, and land
where we got told to land
so that we could participate
in a meeting or a
conversation with someone.
Or if we were sending people
down into the Agartha,
that's the way that we would go.
We would go through
the port so that we
would connect to the tunnel
system and then fly on down.
So we use these
spaceports as well.
>> And correct me if I'm
wrong, but don't some of these
spaceports have
portal technology?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Some of them certainly do.
Mostly what occurs, though,
is that the portal technology
isn't inside the spaceport.
It's something for
safety reasons.
You deploy outside of the port.
So in some cases, you can see
ships in the traffic lanes,
bright light going
on, and then just
disappears, which I imagine is
when they're hitting a portal.
And you just don't
see them anymore
because they've gone
through a portal.
But usually, they're
at very high altitudes,
so it's hard to see
without the night vision.
>> Sure.
Do you feel there'll
be more open contact
with Agarthans and humans?
And from your experience,
what will that look like?
>> I'd say it's an
inevitability at some point.
But I would also suggest it's
going to be fairly restricted.
So you're not just going to
be able to go to the spaceport
because you want to.
You're going to have to have a
special passport that gives you
permission to go and use that
spaceport, or get a vehicle,
or buy a ticket to
go from one place
to another via that spaceport.
So I would imagine,
just like it is now,
that access is restricted
to certain personnel who
have a special travel passport.
They can use that.
And as we get through the travel
embargo, information embargo,
et cetera, that will
widen up a little bit.
But it's not
something that's going
to be readily available to the
general public for some time,
probably.
And that's probably
because the Agarthans
would prefer it that way.
They probably don't
want a bunch of Terrans
running around their spaceports
with their screaming children.
>> Are the Agarthans and Terrans
living together down there?
Are they amicable?
Are there certain special humans
that are allowed to do this?
>> We know that we have some
personnel who are assigned
to some of these places
as liaison officers,
as liaison personnel.
So we do know that some
Terrans do live in these spaces
and work in these spaces.
But it's not a lot.
It's a fairly small number.
>> Is there some sort
of governing body there?
And is there a
special police force?
>> The Agarthan Network--
that's what it's called-- is
the collective governing body
of the number of species
that work together.
And they have some
territory that may
be more one group or another.
The Raptors-- I'm
to understand it's
ill-advised to wander
into their territory
without permission, or
without proper escorts,
or going through
the right channels.
For the most part,
they cooperate,
follow a system of rules and
laws that they all agree upon,
and cooperate.
And there are sworn law
enforcement who are--
it's to their job to
investigate, and detain,
and arrest or terminate in the
line of duty anyone or anything
that is determined to
be violating the law.
>> They were connected to us
in the ancient civilizations.
Where did this
disconnect happen?
>> Well, as the fall of some of
these civilizations occurred,
as some of the extraterrestrial
species who were managing these
civilizations or participating
in these civilizations left,
the Terrans who were there
had a choice in some cases,
which was to try and manage
these civilized locations
on their own or to take
the personnel, material,
and technology that they could
and go somewhere that was
safer.
And to be honest, for
many of them, managing
a bunch of uneducated
terrestrial surface dwellers
was really unappealing.
So they would rather get
to a safe, secure location
in an underground spot.
And then that was when the
division between the Agarthans
and the surface dwellers
became, whatever you guys do up
there is what you guys do up
there, whatever we do down here
is what we do down
here, and we're just
not going to care too much
about what you guys do up there.
So they still care in the
sense that the well-being
of the planet does matter.
And they're not exactly
thrilled with the way
that we've managed
things up here.
But there's been a
long-standing agreement--
we get to manage the
surface world up here,
and they're managing the under
Agarthan world down there.
And they really don't want to
come up here and take control
or manage this mess.
It's like asking one
kindergarten teacher
whether or not they
want to go into a school
where there are no
teachers, and there
are just toddlers running around
crazy like "Lord of the Flies"
and say, hey, would
you like to go in there
and take over that school
and manage that mess?
Most of those
kindergarten teachers
are going to look at that
and go, no, I have no desire
to take over that mess.
It's similar.
As far as they're
concerned, there's
way too many crazy young
toddlers up here screaming.
Why in the world would
they want to come up
here and try and take control
of that and manage that?
That's a nightmare.
>> And also, the technology--
why aren't they sharing any
of that technology with us?
>> Well, there's been a
long-standing agreement to keep
it separate.
But I would suggest
that there has
been communication over time.
There has been some
technology sharing over time.
But it's the trickle.
In some ways,
there's similar ways
in which extraterrestrials from
outside have been interacting.
There's interaction.
There's communication.
There's technological
dissemination.
It's just a trickle.
>> And for the audience,
on a scalability factor,
how deep are we talking that
these cities are inside inner
Earth?
>> I'd say most of them
are between 3 and 10,
15 miles deep.
>> And I had heard also--
maybe you can verify this--
that there were a few
incidents of drilling,
and also our human population
drilling and making tunnels,
and one time accidentally
went into one of these cities.
Is that true?
>> Yeah.
That happened once
back in the 1960s.
And that was probably
when the Agarthans
decided that they
were going to have
to have a serious conversation
with the terrestrial surface
dwelling military--
>> And that's when that
ambassadorship program started
happening, I think.
>> Yeah.
And I think in real earnest,
where they were like, OK,
you dug a hole somewhere where
you weren't supposed to dig it.
And you caused a ruckus.
So I guess we're going
to have to map out
for you where to avoid, what
depths that you can dig at.
If you're going to
start making tunnels,
then we need to let you
know where not to dig.
So there had to be
some conversation where
we could develop
some system of trust
so that they could tell us,
great, now that you trust us,
will you please not dig
here, here, here, and here,
or tunnel here, here, and here?
Thank you very much.
And if you don't, we'll help
you build a tunnel and a train
system for you to connect
your underground bases with.
So there was some cooperation
at that point for them
to help us dig that
tunnel system that
connects the underground
bases for us,
because they were
really good at it.
And that way, it kept us from
digging into their tunnels,
and digging into their
cities, and so forth.
So they were able to create
separate infrastructure
by establishing
some communication
and level of trust.
>> Well, thanks for
verifying that, Randy.
I've been wondering about
that for a very long time.
Randy, I have heard that there's
some connection between the men
in black and the Agarthans.
Do you know anything about this?
>> So there are a couple of
canyons in the Sedona area.
It would be best if
I don't mention them
just so that a bunch of people
don't flood these areas looking
for stuff.
But for the locals,
it's fairly well
know where I'm talking
about where, depending
on what time of day and what
day of the week that you go
to visit one of these areas,
you might find yourself getting
visited by men in black suits
in a black car that, according
to several eyewitnesses
that I've spoken to,
can pop out of nowhere,
meaning you might be looking
to this direction, do a
360, turn back around,
and all of a sudden there's
a car and two guys standing
outside the car
who will tell you
that you need to leave
the area and that you
need to shuffle along.
These are people who fit this
classic men-in-black profile.
They're driving a car, a
black sedan from the '50s.
They're wearing
suits from the '50s.
They're wearing hats that
are mid-20th century.
Skin's pasty, eyebrows
aren't quite right,
if they have eyebrows.
Ears aren't quite right, if
they have earlobes at all.
Lips aren't quite
right, sunglasses so you
can't see their eyeballs.
So they're a different
species, for sure.
And their job is
to manage security
around some of these places.
And if you're somewhere
where you're not
supposed to be, they might
pop out and tell you,
you need to move along, and
shuffle along out of here.
>> Have you experienced this?
>> Not yet.
I haven't lived
there long enough.
I keep asking everybody
who I've known
who have seen these things
to give me all the data
and information about
exact locations, time,
dates so that I
can attempt to go
to these places
at the right time
and hopefully run into someone.
>> Are they weaponized?
>> They're supposed to have
a sidearm of some kind under
the jacket, but I don't know
anybody who's ever had one
drawn on them.
So I don't know
what they're using
or what their service weapon is.
>> Do you think this
race of humans--
or clones, it sounds like.
>> Something.
>> What about that vehicle?
Do you think that's a
transdimensional vehicle?
>> That's a good question.
A number of eyewitnesses
have seen both the personnel
and the vehicle
appear and disappear
without hearing an engine sound
or without seeing the vehicle
drive away or arrive.
So in many cases, the
vehicle is just there.
The men in black are just there.
And then, they're
just not there.
So I would say it's
safe to speculate
we're not talking
about a regular Caddy
from the 19th, 20th century.
>> Right.
Exactly.
How about any Deloreans?
>> Not that I know of.
[LAUGHS]
>> You mentioned, in Sedona,
these craft up in the sky.
You even said some of them
were just hovering there.
How high were these craft
from where you were standing?
And where else on the
planet are these ports
where people are claiming to
see the same things that you're
seeing?
>> So when you're watching
the traffic lanes,
I would guess from the size of
the light that you're looking
at or the vehicle that you're
looking at, they can be as high
as 40,000, 50,000 feet in
some cases-- very high up.
I, however, have seen them
down close to the ground,
not more than 100 or a couple
feet off of the ground.
So I've seen them go
behind a rock structure
so they're low enough to be only
several feet off of the valley
floor, wherever they may be.
I've seen them behind my
house less than a mile away.
I've seen them in front of the
house, maybe a mile and a half
away, hovering low
over the ground.
I'm not sure why,
sometimes, that happens.
When I see them outside
the normal traffic lanes,
I'm not always sure why they're
outside the normal traffic
lanes, because it is more
anomalous to see them
outside the traffic lanes
than in the traffic lanes.
But it does happen.
The one that flew right
behind the house--
there's this little place
called Jacks Canyon.
It's maybe three, four
miles by three, four miles.
They came flying over the
canyon in less than two seconds,
second and a half.
So it was going thousands
of miles an hour
following a low
trajectory that was headed
straight for this
rock formation,
again, at the edge
of the canyon.
I was expecting it to crash.
I was expecting to hear an
explosion, because there
was this plasma fire around it.
It was close enough that you
could see the flames whipping
around the vehicle.
That's how close it was.
And I was expecting
to hear something.
I didn't hear anything.
So it must have flown
right in to the rock,
right in through one
of these openings.
And then, maybe
15 minutes later--
exact same size light,
exact same trajectory
going the opposite direction,
same height, same distance.
It shot out the other way.
So I was told that that's
where the medical center is.
So I'm presuming that
someone was zipping in
for a medical emergency.
>> And this is right
in your backyard.
>> Right, within two
miles of my house.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, literally
in my backyard.
>> Definitely have to set
some cameras up there.
>> I am at the point
where I want to set--
>> Fascinating.
>> --cameras up around the
whole house pointing at all
the directions of the sky,
because most of the time,
these things go so fast I
don't have time to pull out
my camera.
If I didn't have a GoPro
on my head at the time,
you'd miss it.
So right now, I'm looking into,
OK, how many cameras do I need?
Can I put one on a pole
here, and a pole here,
and have them all pointing
out in the directions
from the house?
Because depending on the day
or night and the direction
I'm looking, I see them
all the time, all the time.
>> And what about these
other sites around the world?
>> So some of them follow in
line with ancient civilization
sites like Angkor Wat, and
Teotihuacan, and Cairo.
But you also have
some that follow
some of the more recent
transplanted locations, again
of Atlanteans like Mount
Shasta, Haleakala in Hawaii.
Sedona is a very, very old city,
a long, long, long time ago,
I'm told.
We're talking over
100,000 years ago.
For anyone who's been there
and looks at the formations,
it's very clear from some
of the rock formations
that they're not natural
formations at all, that they
are eroded formations--
or, in some cases, things
that look like they've
been blown apart or melted.
But you can see the uniformity,
and the squared angles--
>> The angles, right.
>> --and the flat
tops in some places.
Knowing a little bit about how
geological formations form,
I've looked around town
enough at these formations
going, that's not natural,
that's not natural,
that might be natural,
that's totally not natural.
So anyone who knows
what they're looking at
can see that you're
looking at things that
used to be other structures.
There's a couple of pyramid
shapes, Ziggurat shapes.
And if you look at it
from a certain angle,
you can see it's just
this size with a flat here
and a flat there--
>> Yeah, you can't make that up.
>> --things that just don't
naturally form that way,
especially that many times in
that short of a area of square
miles.
So some of them
follow, like I said,
ancient civilization sites.
Some of them follow
even older sites
that people aren't aware,
ancient civilization sites.
Or they're transplanted, dormant
volcanoes with empty cinder
cones that people moved into
like Mount Shasta, Haleakala,
and a couple other places
in the Rocky Mountains.
>> How much more advanced
technologically are they than
us?
>> That's an
interesting question.
I would say, if you asked
that question 40 years ago,
the answer would
be that they were
quite a bit more technologically
advanced than we are.
But asking that
question now, I would
say that it's not so much that
they are more technologically
advanced so much as they're
more technologically
practiced at certain things.
So some of the things they
have aren't necessarily more
advanced, just things that
they've had for longer.
So maybe they've perfected
a little bit better.
But we're catching up to
a lot of our neighbors
here and elsewhere in the
intergalactic community
as we grow and advance
in our understanding
of the technological abilities
that the other species have.
We're catching up
really quickly.
>> Fascinating, Randy.
Thanks for sharing that with us.
And thanks for
being on the show.
>> My pleasure.
Thanks for having me.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]